Plan-Of-Production.md, before:

# Home Automation
##- Create a modular system for turn **"Dumb"** switches and buttons on & Off.
##- This will use relay's & servo's among other things.
##- It needs to interface with my Virtual Assistant system [Link Here](https://github.com/TechyYodaCoder/Virtual_Assistant_Modular)
##- Needs to be able to press;
- Plug switches (UK)
- light switches (UK)
- other buttons (such as a Button on a real Echo Dot, so thatyour virtual assistant can trigger another one.)


## - The Pi will be the **"Brain"**
## - Needs to have physical buttons (Play/Pause, Volume Up, Volume Down, Mute,){Switches: Mute,Listen}{Petentiomiter: Volume}
## - 3D printed Case for switches etc. {this should have power in for the Pi & the servo controller, relay module etc.}


How to interface with Virtual Assistant?;
- Could have it running on only one device (the PI) like [this](https://github.com/TechyYodaCoder/Virtual_Assistant_Computer_Only) version of the VA.


### Things I need;
- Buttons/ Switches,
- Microphone,
- Speaker,
- Pi,
- Servos,
- Servo control Board,
- Relays,
- App (to go with it so that we can remote control functions) / Website (To control functions on.),

Commit message:

created callable functions for the servos & servo control board

Plan-Of-Production.md, after:

# Home Automation
### - Create a modular system for turn **"Dumb"** switches and buttons on & Off.
### - This will use relay's & servo's among other things.
### - It needs to interface with my Virtual Assistant system [Link Here](https://github.com/TechyYodaCoder/Virtual_Assistant_Modular)
### - Needs to be able to press;
- Plug switches (UK)
- light switches (UK)
- other buttons (such as a Button on a real Echo Dot, so thatyour virtual assistant can trigger another one.)


### - The Pi will be the **"Brain"**
### - Needs to have physical buttons (Play/Pause, Volume Up, Volume Down, Mute,){Switches: Mute, Listen}{Petentiomiter: Volume}
### - 3D printed Case for switches etc. {this should have power in for the Pi & the servo controller, relay module etc.} - Possibly a LCD screen as well??


## How to interface with Virtual Assistant?;
- Could have it running on only one device (the PI) like [this](https://github.com/TechyYodaCoder/Virtual_Assistant_Computer_Only) version of the VA.


## Things I need;
- Buttons/ Switches,
- Microphone,
- Speaker,
- Pi,
- Servos,
- Servo control Board,
- Relays,
- App (to go with it so that we can remote control functions) / Website (To control functions on.),



## Done Things:
- created callable functions for the servos (still need to check the angle for switches)
- created callable functions for the servo control board


## Still TODO:
- create the Virtual Assistant
- make the Virtual Assistant start on boot

- make callable functions for relay module

- 3D model & Print a box for the Pi to go in (with room for switches, petentiometer to go in the lid.)
